good morning to everybody
I am Manolo Lama I like to comment on the matches in Madrid
What I like most certainly stretch raul through the floor juas juas juas
he also worked on four news with my compi alcarreño that has a face
Smurf more than black in my free time I like to get together with my friend
said bob marley unpaid marhnos a little houses placed haiti or
hello I am the torcuato carreño there I am the clown of four of the
Valladolid gives me a lot of mendi but besides working in four written the
book of we are you some bastards because you do not buy it in india has
to buy condoms for her boyfriend
shut up tumbao
who is going to buy you that shit of books or piece of hand before the
valladolid you had to be by the way before or get scammed I'm in love with
raul
but what does salinas tell me
it was tiqui-taca aunt
already had to jump the other who is not black anymore because his father was not gypsy
juas juas juas if i'm the fucking master of this
hi i am the jj saints and i am from all but the valencia i am taking
eluded and I have the look of his diet up work in telecinco and I like
a lot of lovato with his guilds of fiji is that this one that low
hi pichar that your counted
poyo I'm already only scoring goals to betis if chip is what there is jua jua
jua jua jua
hello if it was I am the woman that van der vaart and I am richer and more appetizing
made an ice cream in the desert
I only tell you one thing you know in what
that if you were a fosky to me I would eat him up like juas juas juas juas juas
juas
you have tried the chasquis
a pleasure of this world
go and take chestnuts
or of the day with 2 facundo of shit and with the capis the and of the cojones hostia
bitch stop crying moms I'm a fugitive but gave and I need privacy
hello I am atmosphere yes sir I love the charme to jp grant a
son should fill seville because
because I am the fucking master of this town and I am diabetic or be two
sometimes bético
or by your demand accent I'm tired and I want to go home
pos bt man that invited the capitular and you leave more happy than a
child premiered sneakers and you'll also get a splendid because as
is the afternoon manolo lama
the entity is already
joaquin how is the afternoon like valencia
posse splendid record
how is the endless afternoon
and still I am in day that wants
Look at that motherfucker as per the bosses that you know that I no longer give you my gift
book we can where he clearly explained how I ride it with juanma
chestnut because we are a pair of suckers and sons of bitches we can today to the
sale
someone has money
you expect me to take you son of the great whore and mother sima that when you were born
doctor pushed inside so it would not come out so you have more head than
super potato when I catch you I'll send you 2 meters that not only will you
they will leave your legs broken I do not know if you understand me
you have tried the facundo
get 2 facundo for the year that you do not know
penca and now some jokes the captain said schuchat to goal and goal died for
overdose
It is not the same to get into the ruin of Machu Picchu that you get a roof
and leave it in ruins
it is not the same to see the black in the goal to what a black
good sons of bitches this has been all I go with the sea read the hookah
day if you liked it, I'll tell javi to keep pulling my tongue
poskus den by the eyelet